All right. Let's take a look at how we can actually set up our lidar to do the sensing.
Now, let's go ahead and we're back in our Visual Studio Editor and environment.cpp.
We are going to call two commands.
So the first one we are using the lidar scan.
So since our lidar is a pointer here,
we're going to be using the arrow that call the function.
We just call scan with no arguments given.
This is going to generate this pcl point Cloud,
pcl point XYZ pointer,
and we'll be talking a little bit more about this.
This is actually going to be a template.
So what we can do,
we can just call this inputCloud.
We could call this rays, up to you.
But if we want to visualize it,
we'll call this render rays function.
What we will be giving it is the viewer and the lidar.
So if we go into lidar.h,
we have this origin that we can use for it or this position right here.
So that's where the lidar is actually going to be located.
So we can use that position that tell built rays basically where it'd be cast from.
Then, we'll just go ahead and pass in that point Cloud that we just generated above.
So we go ahead and save that.
Now, if we go into our build directory that we set up previously,
we can recompile by running
make and this is going through environment.cpp with our latest changes.
It's going to rebuild that executable file for us.
So it built environment.
Now, if we do [inaudible] ,
we see that environment,
we can go ahead and run that.
Basically now, we have our lidar unit that sitting up on top of our green car.
So here this is where the lidar is that and it's shooting out all these different rays.
So you can orbit around the scene.
So we're going to be looking at increasing the resolution of this and a little bit,
right now it's pretty sparse.
We're not seeing the same definition that we were talking about earlier about the [inaudible].
So in a future exercise here in a little bit,
we'll be looking at the parameters for lidar to get
a more high resolution scan because right now only a couple,
one ray is really hitting one in the blue cars and
we'll increase the resolution and be able to see better all these cars around us.
So that is the solution for doing the lidar rays sensing.